---
title: "ChatGPT and Some Bees"
date: 2023-04-19T09:50:57-04:00
---

## Hypothetical

ChatGPT is an author with a bee problem who only asks questions and randomly
yells while writing.

How would it write a nonsensical [hero's journey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hero%27s_journey)?

## Haycorn

Have you ever heard of a minuscule, tap-dancing, iridescent speck of glitter
named Twinkletoes with the whimsical mission of finding the Snort-inducing
Snickerbar in a world so fantastically absurd? Could you ever imagine a meadow
with spaghetti grass that wriggles and jiggles like worms doing the cha-cha,
while each strand honks like a chorus of clown noses?

YELL! How could a river be made of effervescent soda that fizzles and pops so
peculiarly, with trees growing wildly mismatched socks that flutter like
banners of nonsense? KAZOO! And what about a village made of the squishiest,
stretchiest bubblegum, with buildings having licorice lace frames and roofs
covered in powdered sugar snow?

OW! There it is again! A bee just stung me right in the middle of writing this.
Can you imagine the sudden, searing pain in my arm? Where did this bee even
come from? Maybe there's a hive nearby? Or could it be just a rogue bee
wandering around? I need to figure this out before it stings me again.

YODEL! Okay, let's get back to the story. So, how on earth could a breakdancing
potato wearing a magnificent cape made of fruit roll-ups guard the Snickerbar
in a cave illuminated by bioluminescent disco balls? MARMALADE! And the cave,
lined with shag carpeting that grew in the most extravagant, rainbow-colored
patterns, isn't it just mind-boggling?

WAIT! I think I figured it out. The bees came from a secret hive in my desk
drawer. And you know what? This is just how it is in this fantastically absurd
world. Bees just appear out of nowhere and sting you for no apparent reason.
Nothing can be done about it. Oh well. Bees. PINEAPPLE!
